-What's up?
-What are you doing?
What? You told me I should go
to Moondance and network.
No. I said you should come
because it would be a fun
getaway for us as friends.
Hattie, what are
you working on?
I've been working
on this pilot.
If you want, you can send it
to me and I can ask
my manager to read it.
I think he might like you.
I just think we've gone
as far as we can go.
I think we should
take a break.
Can't believe you're doing
this over FaceTime.
We have a nightcap?
I don't know
if that's a good idea.
Yeah, you're right.
R&B music playing
Forget all about it
I tried
But the memory, it lingers
All in my mind,
it's like a roar inside
I don't wanna pick sides
All in my mind,
it's like a roar inside
And I don't wanna
pick sides
Hey.
Hi.
-How was the festival?
-It was amazing.
-You look refreshed.
-Yeah.
I saw a lot of great stuff.
-Anything stand out?
-Uh...
Nothing off the top
of my head.
Welcome home.
I'm happy to be back.
Missed you.
Missed you too.
I'm just gonna
go wash the plane off.
heavy bass music
It's coming along nicely,
but the scenes are too long and
all of your story arcs are--
But if you were a manager
and you read it,
would you all sign me?
-What?
-Like, if you were--
She's a little nervous.
She is waiting to hear back
from a manager
about her script.
It's nothing.
Just, you know, it's a big deal
but it's nothing.
I wish he would hurry up
and hit me back.
I told you
it's not that simple.
Why not?
You have to meet
with a lot of managers
before you just sign
with somebody.
Well, why would I waste
my time meeting
with a bunch of people
if this guy likes me?
Because you need to decide
if you like him.
Oh. So I'm interviewing him.
You should be interviewing
each other.
Yeah. Finding a good manager
is like finding a good spouse.
-Oh.
-She getting better at that.
-Anyway, moving on.
-Okay.
dreamy music
The very thought of you
And I forget to do
The little ordinary things
That everyone ought to do
Mm, I need to post
some more selfies.
Every time I do,
I get more followers.
Did you know the best time
to post is around 00 p.m.
'cause folks get off work
and want some after-work tea.
Mm. I did not know that.
I usually just post
a cute selfie whenever
I need a self-esteem boost.
-We know those selfies.
-High eyebrows.
-Helpless eyes.
-Slight pout.
-Don't hate.
-Why are you so dressed up?
-I got a meeting.
-With who?
Not the lady
from your TV department
that you were supposed
to talk to.
I did. Who are you
meeting with, though?
This cool young manager named
Drew who wants to talk to me.
-Drew Fowler?
-You know him?
Yes, I've known him
since college.
Then why didn't you
give him my script?
Because you're not ready yet.
Are you and Idina in the same
group chat or something?
-I think it's amazing.
-Thank you, Nia.
Signing with a manager
before you're ready
is not gonna do anything
for your career.
It'll get me a manager.
You feel me?
-Right?
-That's what I'm saying.
I mean, what's wrong with her
just taking the meeting?
-Right.
-Look, Drew's a great guy
but his client list could use
more women of color.
-That's perfect.
-No,
she's saying that
the only reason he's interested
in signing me is because folks
are hiring Black writers now.
I'm also saying
that she's not ready yet.
Well, guess what, heh.
-We gon' see!
You still trying to get
rid of your sister?
She's like the house guest
that won't leave.
What exactly is her goal?
To get me married
and pregnant
by the end of the year.
-Just don't have Ben's baby.
-Yo,
Lauren has been a hot mess ever
since her and Ben broke up.
-They broke up?
-Yep.
Apparently he did it
over FaceTime.
-Ouch.
-I know. Tacky.
I guess he's, uh, looking
for his Nubian queen now.
-Don't do that.
So are you and this
Idina girl serious?
Yeah, it's getting there.
Are you sure that you're
ready for a relationship?
Damn, I can't have
a girlfriend.
I can't have a manager.
W-what can I have?
You can have my couch back
when you get sick of Lauren.
Don't try to use me
as a buffer.
-I'm not.
-Mm-hmm.
Oh. A'ight, y'all, I gotta go.
-Wish me luck.
-Luck!
Tell him Marie said hi.
Aw, she's gonna do so great.
This's a terrible idea.
So many times
I wasted time
No, and he wasn't
who to spend it with
Oh, what's up!
-Hey, Hattie.
-Hey!
I guess he liked your script.
I really can't thank you
enough for helping me out.
Like, you ain't have
to do that.
I'm a big believer
in paying it forward.
Yeah.
You just finish signing some
big deal up there or something?
Well, your girl is trying
to get me
to sign a big overall deal
with Monument.
Okay.
Well, she ain't dumb, so...
-Hattie.
-Yeah, that's me.
Come on up.
-Be nice, Drew.
-I'm always nice.
Oh, you're right on time
-Hey, this is nice.
-Thank you.
Speaking of nice...
-Ah!
- Really liked your script.
Thank you so much.
I've been working on it
for a while.
Now, you are great
-at creating characters.
-Thank you.
And the dialogue is punchy.
It's nice.
Yeah, I-I been working
on that in my writer's group.
Structure...
isn't your strong suit.
Yeah, my girlfriend's always
telling me I get lost
in conversation and forget
to push the story forward.
Yeah, well, it's normal
with baby writers.
-Who you calling a baby?
-Just an industry term.
Okay. Uh-huh.
Look, I like you.
I'd be willing
to take you onboard.
Whoa, what, like--
Don't you think
that's kinda fast?
I'm decisive.
Uh, well, can I get
to know you a little bit?
Sure.
What do you want to know?
-Where you from?
-All over. Army brat.
Mm,
what's your favorite show?
I watch everything.
-Nikes or Adidas?
-Nikes.
-Levi's or Dickies?
-Depends on the season.
Cats or dogs?
Dogs. Don't tell my mother.
Okay. Winter or summer?
We're in Los Angeles.
-In-N-Out or Shake Shack?
-No, don't make me decide.
-Choose.
-In-N-Out.
Tupac or Biggie?
Tupac, but it hurts to say.
Okay.
Well, what do you
like most about my script?
I think you have potential.
-Potential?
-Mm-hmm.
I can definitely
get you some generals
just off this script alone.
Ooh. I want staff meetings.
I don't know if we're ready
for that just yet.
Drew...
why do you wanna represent me?
I just told you.
Is it because you need
a Black writer
on your client list?
I think we need each other.
I think you need me a little
bit more than I need you.
Who else is interested
in signing you right now?
Exactly. Look.
Hattie, you have a voice,
but you have to work on it.
You're not there yet,
but I would love
to help you on your journey.
I hear you.
Great.
-I'm watching your ass.
-No, please, please do.
All right. We gonna make
a good team, Drew.
-Uh-huh.
-Mm-hmm.
I was just thinking that
myself. Now, do you putt?
Trying to get your ass
whooped at golf?
All right.
I was thinking that. Let's go.
soft ambient music
Hi.
So, uh, how's the Quintrell
movie coming?
He said he doesn't need you.
-He doesn't want my money?
-He can raise his own.
All the work we did
to get him
and now he wants to rage
against the machine?
Quintrell's very smart.
He's handsome too.
What are you saying?
Just curious
whose side you're on.
I'm on my own side.
Marie, I need a big movie.
I know that.
I mean, Ben keeps wanting
to make these
family-friendly movies,
and you keep wanting
to make movies that kids
gotta watch in homeroom.
I think Quintrell can
put us back in the top three.
-I think so too.
-Then don't let him slip away.
Trust me.
He's not going anywhere.
You do have a way of making
people wanna stick around.
I have a lot of work to do.
Do we need to have
a conversation?
About what?
I guess not.
Are you hiding "draw fours"
in your back pocket?
'Cause you done thrown down
about six or seven of them
at this point.
Wow. I would never do that.
Bruno is sacred.
-Oh, okay.
-Now draw four more.
Aah--
Why you always tryin'
to be like me?
Gimme some.
A'ight.
That was nice.
Please. You need to stop
smokin' up all my flower.
You said I could dip
into your stash.
Yeah, dip, not smoke it all
and leave me crumbs.
Hey, don't sleep on
the crumbs, okay?
It be the best part.
A'ight, I'll play.
Just stay lyin'.
-So...
-Mm-hmm.
How does it feel now
that you have representation?
Man, I am feeling offic-i-al.
Ohh...
You know,
you're the second person
in the group to get repped.
-Yeah?
-Tisha got a agent last week.
That's so dope!
-She deserves it.
-She does, she does.
Dang.
-Thank you.
-You know, um,
I know that we're both
trying to do the same thing and
is it--is it weird if one of us
is doing better than the other?
-What you tryin' to say?
-Nothing.
I just--I just don't
want it to be awkward.
The only person I'm in
competition with is myself.
You run your race;
I'll run mine.
I'm just glad I took my shot.
Me too.
But you said
I should've waited.
I still think that.
But he signed me though.
Having a manager doesn't mean
you made it.
You still got work to do.
Okay. I know that.
I'm happy for you.
-Are you sure?
-Of course I am.
I just don't want you
getting too comfortable.
Too late.
I'm already comfy as hell.
-Ooh.
Listen.
Thank you for introducing me
to the writers' community
that I didn't even know
I needed.
Is that all you want
to thank me for?
I also wanna thank you
for being the best girlfriend
that I've ever had in life.
Thank you for seeing me.
Finally.
Better late than
never, right?
True.
-Come here.
R&B music
In all honesty
I'm just trying
to tell my story right
-Point.
-Let's do it.
-All right.
Whoa! That into your jump.
Luck.
Thanks for taking pity on me.
Yeah, well, somebody had to.
Did I really look
that pitiful?
-You looked terrified.
My fiancée is giving me
freedom to explore.
-Interesting.
-Yeah.
Do you mind
if I ask how you identify?
I do mind, actually.
You joking?
Why does it matter?
I guess it doesn't.
You don't have to have
it all figured out.
I've never done that before.
Most of us haven't.
So what do I do now?
Just do whatever
feels natural.
This feels pretty natural.
Good.
-Best of seven?
-Point seven.
-Chuck, do me a favor.
-Hm?
Take a deep breath.
You're gonna be all right.
My manager said
you wanted to see me?
Yeah, have a seat.
I think Valentina has run
her course on the show.
-She has?
-Mm.
Yeah, I just don't think
she's necessary to the story.
Since when?
Look,
I have to follow my gut.
And your gut is telling you
to fire me?
This show is like water.
I have to follow it
wherever it leads me.
-Are you killing her?
-Rehab.
Rehab? Wh--
But Valentina's mother
died of an overdose.
She would never succumb
to hard drugs--
-Nia.
-Yes?
I'm sorry, but this
is the end of the road.
Did I do something wrong?
-No.
-Then what happened?
Nia, do me a favor.
Tell Hattie she owes me
a phone call.
soft R&B
Saw you out the corner
of my eye
Knew that you were mine
You really think she would
fire you
over some silliness
with Hattie?
Of course she would.
She's petty as hell.
Have you called Hattie?
A million times.
She hasn't picked up.
This could be a blessing
in disguise.
If you say that
one more time,
I'm gonna call your husband and
ask him why you're really here.
I'm here to help you.
Okay, you're keeping me
company and I love you,
but I don't need your help.
You're jobless and alone.
Look at this.
I still teach yoga.
And unlike you,
I don't mind my own company.
Fine. Be a mess.
-What's wrong?
-Where have you been?
I've been calling you all day.
I'm tryin' to cut down
on my screen time.
-Ida fired me!
-What? Why?
I don't know. You tell me.
I ain't got nothing
to do with that.
She told me to tell you
to call her back.
-Oh, shit.
-Exactly.
-What happened?
I mean, nothing happened.
I-I just didn't
call her back and I--
I mean, but I got a right
to do that, right?
I got a woman now.
Okay, well, I think
she's taking it out on me.
Yo, I can't believe her.
My social media accounts
were just starting
to get some real traction.
-So was your bank account.
-Yeah?
I-I'm gonna call
her tomorrow.
No, you need to call her now.
Okay.
Jeez.
Dang! I was having a good day.
soft R&B music
Do you feel something
When you couldn't
touch me?
Hey, stranger.
Look, don't play with
my friend's dreams, all right?
I know you think you're
the center of my world,
but the character
was never supposed
to be a series regular.
Are you really doing this
'cause I didn't answer
your call?
I was calling you
to congratulate you
on getting a manager.
Thank you.
When were you going
to tell me?
I don't know.
When I got a chance.
Well, your script
still needs work.
That seems to be
the company line.
You need to keep writing.
I will.
I'm here if you need me.
Finally
for the first time
And talk like we used to
I love the invitations.
Yeah?
We argued a lot about the font,
but I think
they turned out nicely.
I don't know why people
stress out so much
about invitations.
No one even keeps them.
-Talk to your son.
So? How are you two?
-We're great.
-Mm, no, tell me the truth.
Honestly...it feels like
Chuck and I
are still getting
to know each other.
-Well, that makes sense.
-Really?
Because I feel like
we should know everything
about each other
before we get married.
That's impossible.
I learn something new
about my husband every day.
Like what?
Like yesterday, he told me
he had a fear of clowns.
I've been married to this man
for over two decades.
I had no idea.
See?
You never stop learning.
I just don't want
to mess this up.
Sweetheart, it is not math.
There are no absolutes
when it comes to marriage.
I'm realizing that.
You two will be fine.
-You promise?
-Of course.
So if your son and I
break up, do I get to keep you?
Absolutely.
Just don't tell him.
I think he already knows.
R&B music
I ain't gotta explain
myself
I can understand
This love I felt
I don't want
Nobody else, no
Selfish
I want you all to myself
Let me treat you
like I'm supposed to
Very well
I wanna show your love
to the world
So everyone can tell
I give you my all
If you need
You can have my all,
you can keep it